WHERE DID YOU GROW UP? WHAT WAS YOUR PATH TO CAL?

I was born in San Jose and then lived in Milpitas for
the first three years of my life, then moved to the small
town of Saratoga and have been rooted there ever since. 
My family lives in the mountains, so I spent most of my 
childhood sharing a backyard with deer, mountain lions, 
coyotes, and various other interesting wildlife. My two older 
sisters actually graduated from UC Berkeley's School of 
Engineering, so when it came time for me to make my way to 
college, it only seemed natural that I would come to Cal as 
well. Go Bears! (Okay, I did apply to those elitist private 
schools, but it was just for fun. ;) )

HOW MUCH PROGRAMMING HAVE YOU DONE (& WHAT LANGUAGES)?

I actually didn't really do any programming before I came to 
Berkeley. In fact, I didn't even think for a second I was going 
to be a CS major until my senior year of high school, during 
which I was struck by a sudden flash of glorious realization. 
Well, actually, what happened was that I liked to play all sorts 
of computer and video games, and that year I decided to try my hand 
at modding them...and I loved it, even though for most of the time 
I had basically no clue what I was doing. XD So, to make a long 
story short, I had just about no knowledge of computer science before 
Berkeley, and as of now I know Scheme, C, and Java from the 61 series. 
I've done a little bit of Matlab and Lua also.

WHAT ARE YOUR HOBBIES?

There's so many I don't even know how to list them all! But...maybe 
I can use the next section for some of them. ;) Besides video games 
which I mentioned earlier, I also love drawing, cooking, gardening, 
photography, singing (and music in general), and playing badminton. 
Oh, and I also love to...eat! Don't ask me what my favorite food is, 
though, because I can never decide. X3 I'm rarely picky when it comes 
to food, but I can say that I don't like bittermelon.

WHAT ARE SOME OF YOUR TALENTS & SKILLS?

Well, I guess a lot of the talents I've developed are in music. I've 
been playing piano since I was 5 and violin since I was 10, and recently 
I've been learning how to play electric guitar. (Someday I'm going to 
be an awesome rocker! XD Just kidding...or am I? >_>) I also used to sing 
in my high school's chamber/a cappella choir. The funny thing is, there 
weren't enough guys in the choir, so I ended up singing first tenor by 
myself at our concerts and competitions. It was a fun experience.

HAVE YOU DONE ANYTHING REMARKABLE? HAS ANYTHING MEMORABLE HAPPENED TO YOU?

Hmm...this is a hard one. I guess the most remarkable thing I've done so 
far is co-found a graphic design company and store called Tastyfresh 
Factory with my two sisters - we've been working very hard on it! As of 
now, we're making the final preparations for launching our website, but 
please come by to check it out when we're done! ;)

WHAT COMMITMENTS WILL BE CONSUMING YOUR CYCLES THIS SEMESTER?

I'm double majoring in CS and Applied Math and I'm still in my second 
year, so I have plenty of classes ahead of me. (I'm also intending on going 
for a third major, but we'll see where that goes.) This semester I'll be 
taking CS 61B, EE 42/43, Math 110, and Theater R1B. I'm also going to be 
sitting in on CS 170 lectures if I can, because I hear Prof. Wagner is 
awesome! :) Besides school and reading for this class, I tutor math on the 
weekend back at home, and work on Tastyfresh Factory. I'm hoping this semester 
I'll also get a chance to program some useful applications for 
outside-of-class projects, and maybe finally get my personal website 
up - I've been planning to do that for ages!