WHERE DID YOU GROW UP? WHAT WAS YOUR PATH TO CAL?

I was born and raised in San Jose, and have lived in the same house
for about 20 years. Knowing every nook and cranny definitely comes in
handy when you're as clumsy as me. =] I attended Lynbrook High School
and during that time, I volunteered at Lucille Packard Children's
Hospital (yes, in Stanford ><) where I met a coordinator who greatly
influenced me. She was an alumni from Cal and had endless Berkeley
Pride. Her enthusiasm rubbed off on me and when it came time to choose
schools, I chose Cal. =]

HOW MUCH PROGRAMMING HAVE YOU DONE (& WHAT LANGUAGES)?

Classes teaching Java were offered at my high school, and since I
wanted a full schedule during my junior and senior years, I decided to
take computer programming class instead of accounting, cooking, or
driver's ed. I enjoyed programming, but the classes didn't go into too
much detail (not like cs61b) and I didn't understand programming
thoroughly. Overall, computer science just seemed like a horribly
confusing subject.  In my freshman year at Cal, my parents challenged
me to take just one more CS course, and the course I took was CS3. The
class completely wow-ed me, and I immediately decided I wanted to be a
Computer Science major.  As of now, I have learned Java, Scheme, and
C.

WHAT ARE YOUR HOBBIES?

I enjoy listening to any kind of music, and my favorite type is live
performance. That's why you'll often see me youtubing artists only for
their live performances. I believe seeing them sing helps bring out
emotions of a song you wouldn't be able to notice otherwise. While I'm
reading or studying for exams though, I tend to listen to flute
pieces. I also enjoy creating music, but I'll talk about that later. I
also like reading science fiction and fantasy novels, just so that I
can sometimes take a vacation to another world. =] And for now, I also
enjoy kickboxing, just for the tension relieving aspect of it. I tend
to switch between different sports every other year though, so next
year there'll be a different one.

WHAT ARE SOME OF YOUR TALENTS & SKILLS?

Back to 'I enjoy creating music'. =] Music has always been a huge part
of my life, and I wouldn't have it any other way. I started
keyboarding/piano when I was around 3 (I used the keyboard because I
couldn't reach the piano very well). I continued to play until I
graduated high school. Sadly, it's a bit hard to move a piano here to
Berkeley, but every now and then when I go back home I'll try playing
a few tunes (though I have forgotten a lot).  In middle school I
played the clarinet and the flute in band. I chose flute after awhile
because it was shiny and pretty =] Haha, I was a materialistic little
7th grader back thencbut after awhile I ended up enjoying flute
for its soothing sound. In high school, I joined the marching band as
a flautist and concert band as a clarinetist.  Last school year, I
joined the UC Women's Chorale, because I enjoyed singing for fun and
wanted to see what it would be like in an ensemble. It was a great
experience and definitely helps when you have a sore throat =]

HAVE YOU DONE ANYTHING REMARKABLE? HAS ANYTHING MEMORABLE HAPPENED TO YOU?

Perhaps not extremely remarkable, but I went to Xi Men Ding in
Taiwan on New Year's Eve and did not get lost =] It's a huge teen
hangout place with a bunch of stores and stalls, and every night it's
packed. On New Year's Eve, needless to say, it's shoulder to shoulder
(major squishing), and I'm glad I made it out without being trampled.
Something memorable would probably be breaking my pinky toe right
after taking the SATs when I was having fun walking backwards (again,
I'm a bit clumsy...), and the weekend before the Junior Prom. I ended
up going to prom with a cast and crutches. It was still a lot of fun
though.

WHAT COMMITMENTS WILL BE CONSUMING YOUR CYCLES THIS SEMESTER?

I'm a third year and I'm doubling in Computer Science and Economics.
This semester I'll be taking CS61B, CNM190, CS194-7, Econ140, and
Chinese10BX. I am also an officer of UPE, Computer Science Honors
Society. Besides reading for this class, I also work as a consultant
at the Haas Computing Center.

