Where did you Grow up? What was your path to Cal?

I was born in Beijing, then moved to Idaho, before settling down in
Sunnyvale, CA. I'd describe my school experience as a pinball, where where I
ended up bouncing past first grade, then hitting second grade twice in two
different countries. For high school, I went to Fremont High in Sunnyvale,
then Lynbrook High in San Jose, and finally spent senior year in De Anza
College, a local community college. As for my path to cal, I applied
thinking I'd be Poli Sci. From there, I pinballed over to
english/shakespeare, and then MCB, before settling down into CES.

Programming:

I started off early in BASIC, liked it, and then later took classes in C++
and Java. I hated that so much that I decided to never touch programming
again in my life, which worked out really well. Later, in High School, I
re-learned Java, decided that I actually liked it enough to continue. Then
here, I've learned Scheme and some Python. I'm a pretty big fan of Python,
even though I'm still a complete newbie with it.

Hobbies:

This is kind of tough, I do all kinds of things. Lately, I've been really
amusing myself with trying to figure out my schedule, which I magically mess
up every semester by adding a bunch of random classes.

Talents & Skills / Something Memorable:

This is a story of how I made fire.

One day a few years ago, the power was out, but I decided I really wanted to
take a shower. Being 2pm, the clever thing to do here was just keep the door
open, and let the light shine in and the wise thing was to maybe just wait.
I'm seldom clever, and never wise.  I decided that I would just light a
candle in the bathroom. The only problem was, I had no match. "What's the
big deal? I mean, primitive man could do it, I'm SURE I could do it too," I
thought. If only I knew what was coming.

I tried the obvious spin a stick outside on some grass, first. I'm sure its
standard boy-scout procedure...but I gave up that one pretty fast after
getting a splinter on the first twig I tried. Next, I remembered this cool
Mythbusters episode where they focused sunlight with a magnifying glass to
start fire. So, I pulled out a flashlight from the  closet, and focused it
on some napkins. No luck...Maybe I should try toilet paper-that seems pretty
dry?...No luck. Maybe, I should try some oil on the paper, more energy or
something. Nope...Oh, maybe motor oil? Nope. Oh I know, if I rip up this
toilet paper, I'll have a lot of frayed edges and a lot of easily-flammable
fibers, THAT'S GOTTA WOR...Nope.

At this point, it had been close to an hour, and I decided "Alright, time
for the big guns." I searched for a battery, standard AA size and some
wires. I connected up the wires to each end, and then connected them
together on a piece of toilet paper. Waiting...waiting. SMOKE! Just a bit
longer...just a bit...oh...crap. What is this...this battery is REALLY
REALLY *hot*! My battery was going to EXPLODE in my hand! What do I do? Give
up? Never. I taped an ice cube to the battery. I repeat same drill, and once
again, I see smoke...and then...I get zapped. And then again. And again. So
apparently, ice melts into water. And apparently, water conducts
electricity. How could I have known?

At this point, it's closer to the two hour mark...and I just left the door
open as I showered. Then, I went to 7-11 which was about a 2 minute walk
away and picked up a lighter. I got fire pretty soon after that.

A few years later, I told this story to my college roommate. He asked me,
"Why didn't you just use the flashlight in the bathroom?"

Commitments:

I'm seriously considering doing NaNo this year. It's a project where you
write a 175 page / 50,000 word novel during the month of November. If I do
it, it will probably be some fun mixture of high fantasy and soap opera.
